in the west, the decisive day was derby day
in the semifinal drp Dynamo in the final
Moscow derby semi-final cisco
the locomotive with mysticism was not enveloped and
formed as a result of a very prosaic
the only washer Yaroslavl threw in
the third period by this point they already
were burning
06 so it turned out a classic goal
prestige
lacquer players admit lost on business
wanted to win more studied moments
met in another semi-final 2
debutant 2 dynamo-2 metropolitan clubs
Minsk Dynamo resisted
Moscow exactly five minutes slippery on
that moment the score is 32 by the middle of the second
period turned into a crushing 72 in
benefit and Muscovites naturally final
10 3 allowed to hope that cisco
the final will be a worthy opponent so it
and it turned out
CSKA were considered favorites of the final and
immediately confirmed the status of two
abandoned washers think again the game
at one gate
it was not there that the boys were from another
district of Moscow before the break, not only
equalized but went ahead like in
the edification was banished to all by stom for children
sport is a completely unpredictable thing
the second period of the final as another
proof of this axiom cisco
throws four unanswered washers and
again the scales leaning toward
army this time finally
in the third period guys with stars
professionally dried the game saving
the desired result 63 is used a lawsuit about
first medals won but for these
guys the main battle ahead on April 25 in
Omsk
super final csk ak leopard task was though
would those of the group therefore give in such
a tournament with such strong teams the final and
this is a very good result and guys
gotten huge under the team form
congress not work only three months
so will
will grow up in a western group played
immediately seven debutants Cup Gazprom
best oil steel 2 Dynamo
squads from Russia and Belarus
Knight Donbass you tired Severstal
torpedo gained invaluable experience and all
without exception you do n't know what
a real hockey player should not only be
strong but kind as an attacker CSKA
Yegor good usually
sharing with you I give them
rewind tape